# Verses

## October 11 2025

**Psa 46:1** To the chief Musician for the sons of Korah, A Song upon Alamoth. God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.

**Psa 46:10** Be still, and know that I am God: I will be exalted among the heathen, I will be exalted in the earth.

**Psa 71:7** I am as a wonder unto many; but thou art my strong refuge.

**Psa 71:12** O God, be not far from me: O my God, make haste for my help.

## October 9 2025

**Psa 34:2** My soul shall make her boast in the LORD: the humble shall hear thereof, and be glad.

**Psa 34:1** A Psalm of David, when he changed his behaviour before Abimelech; who drove him away, and he departed. I will bless the LORD at all times: his praise shall continually be in my mouth.

**Psa 119:96** I have seen an end of all perfection: but thy commandment is exceeding broad.

**Psa 136:1** O give thanks unto the LORD; for he is good: for his mercy endureth for ever.

## October 8 2025

**Psa 92:4** For thou, LORD, hast made me glad through thy work: I will triumph in the works of thy hands.

## October 7 2025

**Psa 106:1** Praise ye the LORD. O give thanks unto the LORD; for he is good: for his mercy endureth for ever.

**Psa 145:14** The LORD upholdeth all that fall, and raiseth up all those that be bowed down.

**Psa 145:16** Thou openest thine hand, and satisfiest the desire of every living thing.

**Psa 145:5** I will speak of the glorious honour of thy majesty, and of thy wondrous works.

**Psa 145:3** Great is the LORD, and greatly to be praised; and his greatness is unsearchable.

## October 6 2025

**Psa 102:20** To hear the groaning of the prisoner; to loose those that are appointed to death;

**Eph 3:1** For this cause I Paul, the prisoner of Jesus Christ for you Gentiles,

**1Co 15:10** But by the grace of God I am what I am: and his grace which was bestowed upon me was not in vain; but I laboured more abundantly than they all: yet not I, but the grace of God which was with me.
