# Verses

## October 19 2025

**Psa 59:16** But I will sing of thy power; yea, I will sing aloud of thy mercy in the morning: for thou hast been my defence and refuge in the day of my trouble.

## October 18 2025

**Psa 38:22** Make haste to help me, O Lord my salvation.

**Psa 38:21** Forsake me not, O LORD: O my God, be not far from me.

**Psa 38:15** For in thee, O LORD, do I hope: thou wilt hear, O Lord my God.

## October 17 2025

**Psa 43:5** Why art thou cast down, O my soul? and why art thou disquieted within me? hope in God: for I shall yet praise him, who is the health of my countenance, and my God.

## October 16 2025

**Psa 103:1** A Psalm of David. Bless the LORD, O my soul: and all that is within me, bless his holy name.

**Psa 103:4** Who redeemeth thy life from destruction; who crowneth thee with lovingkindness and tender mercies;

## October 15 2025

**Psa 94:17** Unless the LORD had been my help, my soul had almost dwelt in silence.

**Psa 94:18** When I said, My foot slippeth; thy mercy, O LORD, held me up.

**Psa 94:19** In the multitude of my thoughts within me thy comforts delight my soul.

**Psa 94:22** But the LORD is my defence; and my God is the rock of my refuge.

## October 14 2025

**Psa 44:8** In God we boast all the day long, and praise thy name for ever. Selah.

**Psa 44:26** Arise for our help, and redeem us for thy mercies' sake.

**Psa 37:23** The steps of a good man are ordered by the LORD: and he delighteth in his way.

**Psa 37:24** Though he fall, he shall not be utterly cast down: for the LORD upholdeth him with his hand.

**Psa 37:25** I have been young, and now am old; yet have I not seen the righteous forsaken, nor his seed begging bread.

**Psa 37:26** He is ever merciful, and lendeth; and his seed is blessed.

**Psa 57:2** I will cry unto God most high; unto God that performeth all things for me.

**Psa 57:10** For thy mercy is great unto the heavens, and thy truth unto the clouds.

**Psa 57:11** Be thou exalted, O God, above the heavens: let thy glory be above all the earth.

## October 12 2025

**Psa 116:1** I love the LORD, because he hath heard my voice and my supplications.
