# Verses

## November 1 2025

**Psa 101:1** A Psalm of David. I will sing of mercy and judgment: unto thee, O LORD, will I sing.

**Psa 104:31** The glory of the LORD shall endure for ever: the LORD shall rejoice in his works.

## October 31 2025

**Psa 91:4** He shall cover thee with his feathers, and under his wings shalt thou trust: his truth shall be thy shield and buckler.

## October 30 2025

**Psa 109:26** Help me, O LORD my God: O save me according to thy mercy:

**Psa 109:27** That they may know that this is thy hand; that thou, LORD, hast done it.

**Rom 10:13** For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.

**Psa 140:6** I said unto the LORD, Thou art my God: hear the voice of my supplications, O LORD.

**Psa 140:7** O GOD the Lord, the strength of my salvation, thou hast covered my head in the day of battle.

## October 28 2025

**Psa 104:33** I will sing unto the LORD as long as I live: I will sing praise to my God while I have my being.

**Psa 104:34** My meditation of him shall be sweet: I will be glad in the LORD.

**Psa 72:18** Blessed be the LORD God, the God of Israel, who only doeth wondrous things.

## October 27 2025

**Psa 40:1** To the chief Musician, A Psalm of David. I waited patiently for the LORD; and he inclined unto me, and heard my cry.

**Psa 40:2** He brought me up also out of an horrible pit, out of the miry clay, and set my feet upon a rock, and established my goings.

**Psa 40:3** And he hath put a new song in my mouth, even praise unto our God: many shall see it, and fear, and shall trust in the LORD.

## October 26 2025

**Psa 40:13** Be pleased, O LORD, to deliver me: O LORD, make haste to help me.

**Psa 40:5** Many, O LORD my God, are thy wonderful works which thou hast done, and thy thoughts which are to us-ward: they cannot be reckoned up in order unto thee: if I would declare and speak of them, they are more than can be numbered.
