# Verses

## November 8 2025

**Psa 107:15** Oh that men would praise the LORD for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men!

## November 7 2025

**Psa 55:16** As for me, I will call upon God; and the LORD shall save me.

**Psa 55:17** Evening, and morning, and at noon, will I pray, and cry aloud: and he shall hear my voice.

## November 6 2025

**Act 17:11** These were more noble than those in Thessalonica, in that they received the word with all readiness of mind, and searched the scriptures daily, whether those things were so.

**Psa 145:18** The LORD is nigh unto all them that call upon him, to all that call upon him in truth.  
**Psa 145:19** He will fulfil the desire of them that fear him: he also will hear their cry, and will save them.  

## November 4 2025

**Psa 77:11** I will remember the works of the LORD: surely I will remember thy wonders of old.

**Psa 86:3** Be merciful unto me, O Lord: for I cry unto thee daily.

**Psa 86:10** For thou art great, and doest wondrous things: thou art God alone.

**Psa 73:23** Nevertheless I am continually with thee: thou hast holden me by my right hand.

**Psa 73:25** Whom have I in heaven but thee? and there is none upon earth that I desire beside thee.

## November 3 2025

**Psa 123:2** Behold, as the eyes of servants look unto the hand of their masters, and as the eyes of a maiden unto the hand of her mistress; so our eyes wait upon the LORD our God, until that he have mercy upon us.

**Psa 66:19** But verily God hath heard me; he hath attended to the voice of my prayer.  
**Psa 66:20** Blessed be God, which hath not turned away my prayer, nor his mercy from me.  

**Psa 66:13** I will go into thy house with burnt offerings: I will pay thee my vows,  
**Psa 66:14** Which my lips have uttered, and my mouth hath spoken, when I was in trouble.  

## November 2 2025

**Psa 56:3** What time I am afraid, I will trust in thee.

**Psa 62:8** Trust in him at all times; ye people, pour out your heart before him: God is a refuge for us. Selah.
